# 4.24.21 4:00 - 6:00 p.m. PST Team 12 - Zoom Brainstorming Meeting
# Attendees:  
- Jacquelyn Co
- Aaron Chao
- Christian LEee
- Dustin Lin
- Hana Kim
- Nhan Pham
- Sasha Kubichka
- Keith Ho

# Objective
In this meeting, we plan to start brainstorming ideas for our bullet journal app. We plan to compare our research on bullet journals so that we can come up with what we want to 
include (and why -- according to user stories), how our app will roughly look, what roles individuals will take and what assignments they will be responsible for, and really just getting 
everything more organized. 

# Agenda 
- Assign tasks and roles to individuals. Make sure everyone has a designated role for the project & designated tasks for this brainstorming activity. 
- Assign which days people will take meeting notes for daily standups.
- Compare and research more about bullet journals
  - Exercise: take 20 minutes looking up information about bullet journals (adding info as sticky notes):
    - What they are, their essential features, etc.
    - Research other bullet journal apps and what features they offer (what do they have in common & what do they differ on?)
    - Why people use bullet journals
- Discuss what the problem statement of this project is and how we will answer it. 
  - Discuss what needs to be completed, what our bullet journal needs to include (essential features) and what it MIGHT include (additional features)
- Discuss general user stories and who are users are so those who will work on user stories will have a general idea of what to go off of
- Discuss possible wireframes and designs of our app (colors, mood, structure) so that the UI/Designers can create a rough draft of what our app will look like  

# Deliverables (according to Canvas)
- /admin/meetings/mmddyy-brainstorm.md (there may be multiple of these)  - these are the general meeting notes of the brainstorming summarized including attendance, etc.  Note this may be more exhaustive and procedural as opposed to what will be found in the planning document
- /specs/brainstorm/ will continue the distilled documents and diagrams you produced of the ideas you want to capture from your meetings.  If you used Miro or another tool export the contents as an image, PDF, or markdown file to capture your appropriate assets.
- We don't want to tell you specifically what to discuss, but you should be narrowing down the problem you're solving and what features a system would need to address it. There are many ways you could do this: clarifying definitions and requirements, thinking about users and their expectations, deciding on your app's theme or mood, etc. It might also be helpful to "survey your competition." We're looking for evidence that you've sufficiently pondered your problem before diving into visual and technical design.

# Project Timeline/Notes:  
## Finish these tasks by Monday @ 4pm LATEST  (so project managers can look over the board and make any final edits before submission):
- Flowcharts/Mapping Out Basic Functionality
  - What is the problem? Clarify definitions & requirements
  - Solution
  - Essential Features
  - Additional Features
- User Stories/Personas
  -Target Users 
  - Personas
  - User stories
  - Use cases
  - Map User Stories to Features (Use Arrows to show how our features will be helpful for those specific user stories)
- Wireframing & App Design 
  -  Come up with the theme, mood, and structure of the app. Low fidelity wireframe for brainstorming?
  - Start creating basic wireframe/design of how our app will look (this assignment will be due soon, so it is imperative to actually get started)
- Bullet Journal Research
  - Complete research on bullet journals, include:
    - other bullet journal applications & what they offer & what they look like (just used for comparison, don't make your app look exactly like them)
    - the basics of what a bullet journal is + what ESSENTIAL features it must include
    - pros and cons of analog vs digital bullet journals
    - any other research you find important  

# Decisions
- Daily Standups: 6:30pm everyday
  - Members who cannot attend will report via bot
- Certain members will be responsible for creating the meeting notes for daily standups
  - Monday: Sasha
  - Tuesday: Keith
  - Wednesday: Nhan
  - Thursday: Hana
  - Friday: Dustin
  - Saturday: Jackie
  - Sunday: Tiana
- Software Developer Roles assigned to: Sasha, Christian, Keith
  - Responsible for flowcharts and mapping out our app’s basic functionality (what we are going to include) for this week’s brainstorming activity
- Quality Assurance Testing Roles assigned to: Hana, Dustin
  - Responsible for user stories, personas, etc. for this week’s brainstorming activity
- UI/Design Interface: Nhan, Aaron
  - Responsible for creating the theme, colors, and overall mood of our app. Responsible for doing wireframes and the look/structure of our bullet journal.
- Project Management: Tiana, Jackie
  - Responsible for organizing all tasks and delegating them to team members. Also responsible for future roadmap planning (goes along with delegation of tasks)
- FIGMA will be used for UI
- Mood/Themes of our bullet journal app will be based on seasons (cooler colors for winter seasons, warmer colors for summer, etc.)



