# 4.25.21 8:00 - 9:00 p.m. PST Team 12 - Zoom Brainstorming Meeting

# Attendees (9):
- Tiana Canja
- Jacquelyn Co
- Aaron Chao
- Christian Lee
- Dustin Lin
- Hana Kim
- Nhan Pham 
- Sasha Kubichka
- Keith Ho

# Objective:
In this meeting, we plan to continue brainstorming ideas for our bullet journal app. We plan to compare our research on bullet journals so that we can come up with what we want to include (and why -- according to user stories), how our app will roughly look, what roles individuals will take and what assignments they will be responsible for, and really just getting everything more organized. Additionally, we plan to cover all upcoming assignments to keep the team clear about what’s coming up. To keep track of submissions for future assignments, we are assigning team members one week each that they will be responsible for. 

# Agenda:
- Go over the basic UI design, and cover what needs to be done
- Refine additional features in brainstorming
- Complete mapping of personas to features 
- Finishing refining user stories (as well as appearance)
- Pick team member for week starting in 4/26/21 for submissions
- Go over upcoming assignments

# Deliverables (according to canvas):
- /admin/meetings/mmddyy-brainstorm.md (there may be multiple of these)  - these are the general meeting notes of the brainstorming summarized including attendance, etc.  Note this may be more exhaustive and procedural as opposed to what will be found in the planning document
- /specs/brainstorm/ will continue the distilled documents and diagrams you produced of the ideas you want to capture from your meetings.  If you used Miro or another tool export the contents as an image, PDF, or markdown file to capture your appropriate assets.
- We don't want to tell you specifically what to discuss, but you should be narrowing down the problem you're solving and what features a system would need to address it. There are many ways you could do this: clarifying definitions and requirements, thinking about users and their expectations, deciding on your app's theme or mood, etc. It might also be helpful to "survey your competition." We're looking for evidence that you've sufficiently pondered your problem before diving into visual and technical design.

# Project Timeline/Notes:
- Finish these tasks by Monday @ 4pm LATEST  (so project managers can look over the board and make any final edits before submission):
- Flowcharts/Mapping Out Basic Functionality
1. What is the Problem? Clarify definitions & requirements
2. Solution
3. Essential Features
4. Additional Features
User Stories/Personas
1. Target Users
2. Personas
3. User Stories
4. Use Cases
5. Map User Stories to Features (Use Arrows to show how our features will be helpful for those specific user stories)
Wireframing & App Design
1.  Come up with the theme, mood, and structure of the app. Low fidelity wireframe for brainstorming?
2. Start creating basic wireframe/design of how our app will look (this assignment will be due soon, so it is imperative to actually get started)
Bullet Journal Research
1. Complete Research on Bullet Journals, include: 
other bullet journal applications & what they offer & what they look like (just used for comparison, don't make your app look exactly like them)
the basics of what a bullet journal is + what ESSENTIAL features it must include
pros and cons of analog vs digital bullet journals
any other research you find important
# Decisions:
- Who is coordinating for turning in assignments for the coming week
- Final Miro board
- Format of wireframing
- Time of daily standup meetings
- What meeting ID’s to use for meetings going forward
