# Daily Standup Notes 5.17.21
* Scribe: Jackie

## General stuff:
* Each page of our application needs to have both style files ready (both the default dinosaur theme and customizable season theme)
* Team members need to take a look at the data storage txt file that was made so we can discuss it & how we are going to approach the backend side of things
* Went over types of bullets and the tags that would be associated with them
* Index page needs to be styled according to seasonal theme
* Research about backend needs to be done by everyone so we can tackle the function of our pages 
* Possible long meeting on Thursday or Friday so we can all work together


## Individual responses
### Tiana
* How do you feel today? fine
* What did you do since Wednesday? work and meet with jackie 
* What will you do today? prepare for retrospective meeting, update Jackie, finish daily standup notes from yesterday, have retro meeting, go to discussion
* Anything blocking your progress? time

### Christian
* How do you feel today? Sick
* What did you do since yesterday? Helped Aaron with some layout tweaks
* What will you do today? Get some rest and start studying for the midterm
* Anything blocking your progress? Health

### Dustin
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since Thursday? Implanted jsDocs, finishes ci deliverables, talked to Nhan about data design
* What will you do today? Work on bullet web components
* Anything blocking your progress? no leftover time

### Jackie
* How do you feel today? tired and super overwhelmed 
* What did you do since yesterday? had sprint review meeting, finished 110 lab, did 110 review quiz, and mainly just worked on 110 stuff over the weekend
* What will you do today? edit the agile team status video, meet for the retrospective, & catch up on a bunch of lectures
* Anything blocking your progress? time and a lack of energy as usual

### Nhan
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? 140 midterm
* What will you do today? research and meeting at 2pm

### Keith
* How do you feel today? Good
* What did you do since yesterday? Meet up with 110 group and showed what I’ve been working on
* What will you do today? Meet with 110 group, go to discussion
* Anything blocking your progress? Other classes

### Sasha
* How do you feel today? foggy
* What did you do since yesterday? index and login pages
* What will you do today? work on essay
* Anything blocking your progress? sleep schedule

### Hana
* How do you feel today? stressed
* What did you do since Thursday? worked on other school and club work, worked a little bit on sign-in/sign-up page ui
* What will you do today? meetings and lots of school work
* Anything blocking your progress? busy with outside work

### Aaron 
* How do you feel today? okayish
* What did you do since yesterday? worked on refining daily/weekly overview, caught up on some lectures, played a bit of tennis
* What will you do today? 110 group meetings, go over more lectures for 101 and 142
* Anything blocking your progress? the usual
