# Daily Standup Notes 5.18.21
* Scribe: Keith

## General stuff:
* Possibly cut the weekly overview --> Implement a calendar into the monthly view
* UI design for bullet points?
* Button to create new to-do bullet point
* Work together to create buttons to avoid miscommunication 
* Figure out a way to store data --> routing + mock data
* Possible longer meeting for subteams to meet to work together 

## Individual responses
### Tiana
* How do you feel today? Ok
* What did you do since yesterday? Finalized retro notes, reviewed slack posts
* What will you do today? Go to work and watch lectures
* Anything blocking your progress? Time

### Christian
* How do you feel today? Okay
* What did you do since yesterday? Studied and caught up to lectures
* What will you do today? Study some more and do work for other classes
* Anything blocking your progress? Time

### Dustin
* How do you feel today? Good
* What did you do since yesterday? Pushed web component bullet skeleton
* What will you do today? Get some feedback and direction?
* Anything blocking your progress? Tired

### Jackie
* How do you feel today? exhausted and overwhelmed as usual
* What did you do since yesterday? finished editing agile team status video and met with 110 group to discuss some clarifications on things & data design plans
* What will you do today? Honestly, I have so many lectures to catch up on and I need to study for my bio exam tomorrow. Don't know if I will be able to work on too much 110 stuff today. Will try looking through the ideasForStorage txt file so I can be more aware of some backend discussion during our daily standups today.
* Anything blocking your progress? there's not enough time in the day. for some reason, all my classes this week decided to either have exams or throw a huge workload at me this week. too stressed.

### Nhan
* How do you feel today? Good
* What did you do since yesterday? Continue research and do the photo album component
* What will you do today? Photo album component

### Keith
* How do you feel today? Tired
* What did you do since yesterday? Meetings, lectures
* What will you do today? So much work from other classes

### Sasha
* How do you feel today? Stressed
* What did you do since yesterday? Worked on essay
* What will you do today? Finish my essay by midnight, hopefully
* Anything blocking your progress? My sources are uncooperative

### Hana
* How do you feel today? busy
* What did you do since yesterday? worked mainly on club work deadlines and schoolwork
* What will you do today? hopefully get to work on index and sign in styles

### Aaron 
* How do you feel today? tired
* What did you do since yesterday? watched some 142 lectures, studied 101 a bit
* What will you do today? need to catch up on 142 lectures and get the homework started, then do the same for 101. Hopefully will try and get some progress on different designs of the daily/weekly overview
* Anything blocking your progress? lack of sleep, lack of time
