# Daily Standup Notes 5.20.21
* Scribe: Hana

## General stuff:
* decide what needs to be stored in the backend 
  * for each bullet: text, done, collection, children to store the nested bullets
* working on linking pages together
* reorganized teams and tasks to be more backend focused
* backend meeting tonight to figure out json structure

## Individual responses
### Tiana
* How do you feel today? Alright
* What did you do since yesterday? Wrote up meeting notes for daily standup, weekly meeting, worked on hw
* What will you do today? Lectures, hw, look into planning more for 110, lab, daily stand up meeting
* Anything blocking your progress? Time always time

### Christian
* How do you feel today? Okay
* What did you do since yesterday? Start lab, go to 110 meeting
* What will you do today? Try to get as much done for my essay, try to finish lab
* Anything blocking your progress? Time

### Dustin
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? worked/working on defining the backend
* What will you do today? get it defined, start working on CRUD functions
* Anything blocking your progress? how are we gon test these? Do we have to create endpoints for them so we can use postman/postwoman

### Jackie
* How do you feel today? I feel extremely overwhelmed, I just need a break 
* What did you do since yesterday? took my bio exam, met with team mentor and group for weekly 110 meeting, started figuring out how to re-task delegate some things since we need to focus more on back-end, and went to meet with some back-end developers in our team to stay in the loop with what's going on
* What will you do today? reorganize a feasible schedule for our team to work under, meet with 110 team for daily standups, math 18 homework, watch cse 101 lectures and try to start the hw if possible, and start studying for a math midterm that I have tomorrow.
* Anything blocking your progress? I honestly just feel so overwhelmed and don't have enough time to do things. I need help

### Nhan
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? talked about plan for dataBase branch
* What will you do today? 140L and some dataBase stuff

### Keith
* How do you feel today? Tired
* What did you do since yesterday? Caught up on lectures, fixed up frontend
* What will you do today? Try to work on backend, maybe start lab, needa study for math midterm tmr

### Sasha
* How do you feel today? eh
* What did you do since yesterday? learned about indexeddb with the devs
* What will you do today? attend lecture, start login backend

### Hana
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? worked on some styling for bullets
* What will you do today? work on making web components for bullets in daily, monthly, and yearly overviews

### Aaron 
* How do you feel today? tired
* What did you do since yesterday? finished both lectures for 142, read indexDB information for backend, worked with keith to get a clearer picture of the entire layout done
* What will you do today? want to get more work done on 142 homework, figure out backend stuff, try and start the lab if possible
* Anything blocking your progress? too much stuff, too little time
