# Daily Standup Notes 5.21.21
* Scribe: Dustin 

## General stuff:
* people presented what they worked on
* Christan worked on web component for the "notes" section
* Hana worked on the web components for the bullets, allowed for nesting, editing, deleting 
* Sahsa and Keith implemented login functionality with mock CRUD operations
* Dustin and Nhan worked on the database and CRUD operations

## Individual responses
### Christian
* How do you feel today? Okay
* What did you do since yesterday? Finish lab and got most of paper done
* What will you do today? Finish paper, look into indexddb, work on web component, start 101 hw
* Anything blocking your progress? Time

### Dustin
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? meeting for writing CRUD functions
* What will you do today? Gotta speedrun a PA and then lab, so might not be able to do development today
* Anything blocking your progress? the above ^^^
* 
### Jackie
* How do you feel today? I feel extremely overwhelmed, I just need a break 
* What did you do since yesterday? took my bio exam, met with team mentor and group for weekly 110 meeting, started figuring out how to re-task delegate some things since we need to focus more on back-end, and went to meet with some back-end developers in our team to stay in the loop with what's going on
* What will you do today? reorganize a feasible schedule for our team to work under, meet with 110 team for daily standups, math 18 homework, watch cse 101 lectures and try to start the hw if possible, and start studying for a math midterm that I have tomorrow.
* Anything blocking your progress? I honestly just feel so overwhelmed and don't have enough time to do things. I need help

### Nhan
* How do you feel today? GOOD
* What did you do since yesterday? 110 140L STUFF
* What will you do today? 110 DATABASE

### Keith
* How do you feel today? Good
* What did you do since Thursday? Took my math midterm this morning
* What will you do today? Work with sasha on login/sign up

### Sasha
* How do you feel today? excellent
* What did you do since yesterday? Did some integration for the login page to receive data from the backend
* What will you do today? meet with keith to work on the login page
* Anything blocking your progress? not at the moment!

### Hana
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? added nested bullets to web component and delete functionality
* What will you do today? add edit functionality and popups to add nested bullets

### Aaron 
* How do you feel today? tired
* What did you do since Thursday? caught up on 142 lectures, progress on homework
* What will you do today?  finish up 142 homework by tonight, hoping to start the 110 lab and look into implementing calendar features for backend
* Anything blocking your progress? struggling with the 142 homework
