# Daily Standup Notes 5.22.21
* Scribe: Jackie

## General stuff:
* Dustin and Nhan worked on the database and CRUD operations & presented the functions we will use to integrate the frontend with the backend
* General questions about database were clarified a bit
* Most people were busy catching up on other assignments today
* Team decided to work more on integration in a longer meeting tomorrow (5/23/21)

## Individual responses
### Christian
* How do you feel today? Okay
* What did you do since yesterday? Got started on notes web component and 101 hw
* What will you do today? Finish (?) Notes web component and 101 hw
* Anything blocking your progress? Time

### Dustin
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? finish lab, do housing
* What will you do today? help with 110 project
* Anything blocking your progress? thank god the pa i didn't start yet was extended
* 
### Jackie
* How do you feel today? feeling busy and overwhelmed as usual
* What did you do since yesterday? since yesterday, i finished my math midterm, started glancing over cse 101 homework, met up with 110 group for daily standups to look at progress, and pretty much just worked all day as usual
* What will you do today? cse 110 lab, cse 101 homework, catch up on a math lecture, take a look at the branches on github to see what progress has been done so far, communicate with 110 team members to confirm progress that has been done, plan sunday meeting for 110, and daily standups
* Anything blocking your progress? time needed for other classes

### Nhan
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? finished crud operations 
* What will you do today? 140L and 110 meeting

### Keith
* How do you feel today? tired 
* What did you do since yesterday? Took my math midterm this morning
* What will you do today? Work with sasha on login/sign up

### Sasha
* How do you feel today? good 
* What did you do since yesterday? Met w Sasha to work on login/sign up
* What will you do today? 110 meetings, work on 110 lab
* Anything blocking your progress? time

### Hana
* How do you feel today? tired
* What did you do since yesterday? finished crud frontend with nested bullets and  was out most of the day today
* What will you do today? 110 lab and 101 hw
* Anything blocking your progress? parents coming to visit tmrw but ill still try to work on it

### Aaron 
* How do you feel today? better
* What did you do since yesterday? turned in 142 homework, progress on 101 homework, went to 110 meetings for backend
* What will you do today? 110 meeting with sanat and daily standup, hopefully can finish lab tonight
* Anything blocking your progress? work work work
