# Daily Standup Notes 5.24.21
* Scribe: Sasha

## what we got done:
* notes & to do bullets save on daily overview after creating, editing, and deleting
* on bullet nestability for the to do list, the bullet saves only for the first child
* yearly overview - database gets created when you get to a new year & saves when you enter a new goal
* photo album pretty much works; user can go left and right to view their photos they added in the daily overview

## what we need to finish by tuesday:
* pulling yearly and monthly goals onto daily overview
* for yearly overview, when user makes the action of "marking one as done", "editing", or "deleting", those actions don't save
* figure out local storage for photo album?
* monthly overview page functions
* tagging bullets under predefined collections (have bullets change symbol according to the predefined collections)

## Individual responses
### Jackie
* How do you feel today? terrible
* What did you do since Friday? worked with 110 team on integration, started planning upcoming week's tasks (after finishing MVP), finished 101 homework, talked with team mentor about some things
* What will you do today? catch up on lectures for other classes since I've been focusing on 110 a lot lately and possibly meet up with team mentor? not sure
* Anything blocking your progress? been going through a lot of mental health stuff and i honestly just feel so exhausted from everything (edited) 

### Sasha
* How do you feel today? Okay
* What did you do since Friday? Worked on integration: implemented the signup / login page integrations with backend database interactions, and used cruds to make a navigation system work for all pages
* What will you do today? Do my 101 hw, then look at CI CD
* Anything blocking your progress? Not enough time

### Dustin
* How do you feel today? Ok
* What did you do since Friday? Working of displaying yearly goals, brainstorm possible solutions to web component shadow dom not being able to access database obj
* What will you do today? Catch up on other courses, check to see if the backend API need to be fixed due to window.onload errors
* Anything blocking your progress? Other courses

### Christian
* How do you feel today? Good
* What did you do since Friday? Start 101 and notes integration
* What will you do today? 101 hw, finish (?) Notes integration
* Anything blocking your progress? Classes

### Keith
* How do you feel today? Tired
* What did you do since Friday? Finished navigation for pages with Aaron and Sasha
* What will you do today? Work on other class work
* Anything blocking your progress? Time

### Aaron
* How do you feel today? better
* What did you do since Friday? implemented navigational functionalities, finished 110 lab, 101 homework
* What will you do today? go to discussion and team meetings, catch up on 142 lectures, hopefully start homework
* Anything blocking your progress? could always use more time

### Hana
* How do you feel today? busy
* What did you do since Friday? worked on figuring out how to get nested bullets to update a json object all day, got the edit, add, delete functionality to work for one child deep bullets
* What will you do today? catch up on lecture and other classes hw

### Nhan
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since Friday? research
* What will you do today? research
* Anything blocking your progress? research
