# Daily Standup Notes 5.18.21
* Scribe: Keith

## General stuff:
* fixed mark done button so that marking the parent doesn’t mark the child
* fixed the photo album component so that the photos save even after you leave the page
* fixed calendar current day highlighter
* added a simple drop down menu to choose which category to tag bullets but it doesn’t work yet
* removing the sign-up page?
* users can access pages without signing in —> solution?
* --> check the database to see if the user is logged in
* --> restricting the user to only the login page 
* --> before the page loads, check if user is signed in 
* --> window.onLoad to check if the user is logged in
* everything should be updated on dev by noon tomorrow
* basic MVP is almost done 
* username is currently not being used anywhere —> possibly do something small with it later

## Individual responses
### Tiana
* How do you feel today?
* What did you do since yesterday? 
* What will you do today? 
* Anything blocking your progress? 

### Christian
* How do you feel today? Stressed
* What did you do since yesterday? Finush notes integration started 101 hw
* What will you do today? Bunch of misc hw assignments and personal stuff
* Anything blocking your progress? Time

### Dustin
* How do you feel today? ok
* What did you do since yesterday? connecting front and backend, fixed some backend API code, write some more documentation
* What will you do today? fix/write more documentation, help more with connecting?
* Anything blocking your progress? other courses

### Jackie
* How do you feel today? better than yesterday but still quite stressed
* What did you do since yesterday? went to meetings for 110 and 101 to work on assignments
* What will you do today? catch up on lectures & take a look at 110 progress on MVP at daily standups & start cse 101 homeworkk
* Anything blocking your progress? feeling a bit burnt out so the motivation is lacking

### Nhan
* How do you feel today? Good
* What did you do since yesterday? 110 and research
* What will you do today? 140L and 101 Oh

### Keith
* How do you feel today? Tired
* What did you do since yesterday? worked on other class work
* What will you do today? work on bullet tagging w aaron
* Anything blocking your progress? tired

### Sasha
* How do you feel today? Kinda stressed?
* What did you do since yesterday? Did 101, caught up on lectures, put jest and puppeteer into the pipeline
* What will you do today? Make a lil video about the pipeline, do mmw peer review workshop, go to 110 lecture
* Anything blocking your progress? Never enough time

### Hana
* How do you feel today? good
* What did you do since yesterday? added goal integration for monthly and yearly, added ability for user to mark bullets and goals as done and integrated that also
* What will you do today? make more nesting for bullets

### Aaron 
* How do you feel today? ded
* What did you do since yesterday? fix navigational issues, 101 lectures
* What will you do today? implement to do bullet collection
* Anything blocking your progress? sleep schedule all screwed up
