# 5.2.21 5:00 - 8:00 p.m. PST Team 12 - ADR + CI/CD Pipeline + General Meeting
# Attendees (8):
- Jacquelyn Co
- Aaron Chao
- Christian Lee
- Dustin Lin
- Hana Kim
- Nhan Pham 
- Sasha Kubichka
- Keith Ho

# Objective: 
In this meeting we will discuss what we have accomplished so far & what needs to get organized, and what we need to have completed by the end of the day on Monday (5/10/21). This meeting will run for approximately ~2-3 hours to ensure that we complete the assigned tasks and everyone is on the same page.

# Agenda:
- Everyone needs to attend daily standup meetings. These are mandatory & not optional. If you miss, you must tell one of the team leads and it must be a legitimate reason. It’s important to have everyone on the same page especially as we start developing our project during these weeks 7 & 8.
- Reinforce what core features we are including in our application & deciding the 2 (or 3 if there’s time) additional features we are incorporating
- Core features to DEFINITELY include: 
  - logging for domain specific items (tasks,events,notes)
  - (bullet) nestability to some extent
  - index page/navigation
  - collections (irrespective of whether or not we want to search) group data based on similarity, tags, or etc
  - daily and future logs (monthly weekly logs)
- Additional features to consider: 
  - security related stuff (pin)
  - user customizability (design personalization - push through this w our application especially prioritize this since we won’t be spending as much time on cloud based storage)
  - photo + video + audio capture (API's)
  - exporting data onto somewhere (export text file in a more presentable way -- csv or excel sheet) (this is optional)
  - migration can be a very logical feature to include (especially for habit tracking - makes sense especially for the tracker feature to keep track of how well they're doing)
- Team will discuss and come up with a general roadmap -- will come up with timelines on when we should finish the development of each of the pages/their design, the core features, and additional features.
  - Link to our General Roadmap (subject to change, but a good idea of what needs to be finished and when): 
    - https://docs.google.com/document/d/1ZDlJIY_BKu92npgOSrhP1TP7plG-XKQ69fN-lxc_7MQ/edit
- Subteams will work in breakout rooms to complete their tasks
  - UI/Design Team + Jackie will work on finishing the default and customizable design for each of the pages of our application
  - Software Developer Team + Dustin will work on completing the CI/CD pipeline assignment, start exploratory coding, & figure out how they will approach developing the core features first
- Finish default and customizable designs for ALL pages of our application (i.e. finishing UI/Design) -- want to have finished high fidelity wireframes 
- Decide on how we are going to store our user’s data (locally or cloud based)
- Complete CI/CD pipeline checkpoint & add it to github
  - Idea: create branches by feature
- Start working on ADR Documentation & add it to github
- After working in breakout rooms, we will all come back together to discuss what each subteam has come up with & decisions that have been made

# Deliverables (according to canvas):
- CI/CD pipeline checkpoint 1
- ADR Documentation
  - Are we creating predefined collections or custom collections where the user can create their own collections?
  - Are we storing data locally?
  - What additional features are we choosing to include?
  - How are we incorporating goals? Are we just doing goal reminders on the daily overview? How are we keeping track of users accomplishing their goals?
- Finish the High-Fidelity Wireframes for the default and customized pages of our application
- Have everyone understand the general roadmap & what needs to be done and by when

# Project Timeline/Notes:
- Upcoming: CI/CD Pipeline assignment check point due 5/10/21
- (Documentation - Internal Documentation: ADR) checkpoint 1 due 5/10/21
- Agile - Team Status Video due 5/17/21 by 6pm
- (Agile - Retrospective) Sprint Retro 1 due by 5/18/21


# Decisions:
- Predefined Collections:
  - Important
  - School/Coursework Related
  - Household/Chores
  - Personal/Well-being Related
  - Other
 - Additional Features we will include:
  - photo + video + audio capture (API's)
  - security related stuff (pin)
  - user customizability (design personalization - push through this w our application especially prioritize this since we won’t be spending as much time on cloud based storage)
- Are we creating predefined collections or custom collections where the user can create their own collections?
  - We are creating predefined collections & those of which include:
    - Important
    - School/Coursework Related
    - Household/Chores
    - Personal/Well-being Related
    - Other
- Are we storing data locally?
  - Locally
  - Yes
  - Format: json
- What additional features are we choosing to include?
  - photo + video + audio capture (API's)
  - security related stuff (pin)
  - user customizability (design personalization - push through this w our application especially prioritize this since we won’t be spending as much time on cloud based storage)
- How are we incorporating goals? Are we just doing goal reminders on the daily overview? How are we keeping track of users accomplishing their goals?
  - We are simply just doing goal reminders on the daily overview. Subsection on goal reminders on daily overview that asks “How do you feel about your progress today? (either happy, average, or sad)” Take the percentage of the happy, average or sad & present that data at the end of the goal. 
    - Notification that presents the data at the end of the goal. If it’s happy then congratulate & if sad, motivate to keep on going
- For signup page, we are doing username & pin creation




